README.md, before:

# Word memorization application for YDSA+

Free Project to memorize words for YDSA+

## API Endpoints

Here are the currently supported API Endpoints.  

| HTTP Verb | Scope                      | Semantic                                   | URL                               |
|-----------|----------------------------|--------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|
| GET       | Collection of English      | Retrieve all English in the collection     | /api/en/words/                    |
| GET       | English                    | Retrieve a single English                  | /api/en/words/{word}/             |
| POST      | Collection of English      | Create a new English in the collection     | /api/en/words/                    |
| PUT       | English                    | Update an existing English                 | /api/en/words/{word}/             |
| ~~PATCH~~ | English                    | Partially update an existing English       | /api/en/words/{word}/             |
| DELETE    | English                    | Delete an existing English                 | /api/en/words/{word}/             |
| GET       | Collection of Game         | Retrieve all Games in the collection       | /api/en/games/                    |
| GET       | Game                       | Retrieve a single Game                     | /api/en/games/{game_name}/        |
| GET       | Game                       | Retrieve a single Game to play             | /api/en/games/{game_name}/start/  |
| POST      | Game                       | Update or Create a Score in the collection | /api/en/games/{game_name}/start/  |
| GET       | Collection of WordBox      | Retrieve WordBox in the collection         | /api/en/wordboxes/                |
| POST      | Collection of WordBox      | Create a new WordBox in the collection     | /api/en/wordboxes/                |
| GET       | WordBox                    | Retrieve a single WordBox                  | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/       |
| PUT       | WordBox                    | Update a single WordBox                    | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/       |
| DELETE    | WordBox                    | Delete a single WordBox                    | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/       |
| GET       | WordBox                    | Start a new Game play for single WordBox   | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/start/ |
| POST      | WordBox                    | Update or Create Score in the collection   | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/start/ |
| GET       | Collection of WordBox/word | Retrieve a collection of word in WordBox   | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/words/ |
| POST      | Collection of WordBox/word | Append a collection of word in the WordBox | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/words/ |
| DELETE    | Collection of WordBox/word | Delete a collection of word in the WordBox | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/words/ |
| GET       | Collection of WordBox/user | Retrieve a collection of user in WordBox   | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/users/ |
| POST      | Collection of WordBox/user | Append a collection of user in the WordBox | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/users/ |
| DELETE    | Collection of WordBox/user | Delete a collection of user in the WordBox | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/users/ |

## Getting Started
UML:
![UML DIAGRAM](ydsa_uml.jpg)

## Who need this project?

Anyone who want to be the champion of the exam.

Commit message:

feat: add English translations POST API

README.md, after:

# Word memorization application for YDSA+

Free Project to memorize words for YDSA+

## API Endpoints

Here are the currently supported API Endpoints.  

| HTTP Verb | Scope                 | Semantic                                         | URL                                |
|-----------|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
| GET       | Collection of English | Retrieve all English in the collection           | /api/en/words/                     |
| GET       | English               | Retrieve a single English                        | /api/en/words/{word}/              |
| POST      | Collection of English | Create a new English in the collection           | /api/en/words/                     |
| PUT       | English               | Update an existing English                       | /api/en/words/{word}/              |
| ~~PATCH~~ | English               | Partially update an existing English             | /api/en/words/{word}/              |
| DELETE    | English               | Delete an existing English                       | /api/en/words/{word}/              |
| GET       | Collection of Turkish | Retrieve a collection of Turkish to translations | /api/en/words/{word}/translations/ |
| POST      | Collection of Turkish | Append a collection of Turkish to translations   | /api/en/words/{word}/translations/ |
| DELETE    | Collection of Turkish | Delete a collection of Turkish to translations   | /api/en/words/{word}/translations/ |
| GET       | Collection of Game    | Retrieve all Games in the collection             | /api/en/games/                     |
| GET       | Game                  | Retrieve a single Game                           | /api/en/games/{game_name}/         |
| GET       | Game                  | Retrieve a single Game to play                   | /api/en/games/{game_name}/start/   |
| POST      | Game                  | Update or Create a Score in the collection       | /api/en/games/{game_name}/start/   |
| GET       | Collection of WordBox | Retrieve WordBox in the collection               | /api/en/wordboxes/                 |
| POST      | Collection of WordBox | Create a new WordBox in the collection           | /api/en/wordboxes/                 |
| GET       | WordBox               | Retrieve a single WordBox                        | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/        |
| PUT       | WordBox               | Update a single WordBox                          | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/        |
| DELETE    | WordBox               | Delete a single WordBox                          | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/        |
| GET       | WordBox               | Start a new Game play for single WordBox         | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/start/  |
| POST      | WordBox               | Update or Create Score in the collection         | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/start/  |
| GET       | Collection of English | Retrieve a collection of word in WordBox         | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/words/  |
| POST      | Collection of English | Append a collection of word in the WordBox       | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/words/  |
| DELETE    | Collection of English | Delete a collection of word in the WordBox       | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/words/  |
| GET       | Collection of User    | Retrieve a collection of user in WordBox         | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/users/  |
| POST      | Collection of User    | Append a collection of user in the WordBox       | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/users/  |
| DELETE    | Collection of User    | Delete a collection of user in the WordBox       | /api/en/wordboxes/{int:pk}/users/  |

## Getting Started
UML:
![UML DIAGRAM](ydsa_uml.jpg)

## Who need this project?

Anyone who want to be the champion of the exam.
